# Book Store API Web Server

## R1 - Identification of the problem you are trying to solve by building this particular app.

A book store requires a inventory system that will allow employees to easily find books within the stores inventory, using several methods to find the correct book for a customer. The employees will be able to search for a books availability by simply searching for it’s title, but they will also be able to look up any available books by using other criteria such as author or style (crime, fantasy, romance, etc..). Having these extra search methods will allow employees to suggest appropriate books to customers based on their interests. An internal review system, by way of comments assigned to books, will allow employees to gain a quick understanding of a book so they can explain a title to a customer, without having read the book, as it would be nearly impossible to read all of the books in the store. The internal review system is based off similar systems like tasting notes in a wine store or product reviews in an appliance store. The inventory system will assign employees logins and passwords that will have certain privileges associated, such as creating a new book entry, and adding new reviews. Managers will get administrator credentials that will give them more extensive privileges such as deleting book entries and reviews, as well as altering the inventory numbers, along with the same privileges that the employees have. All inventory users will be able to use all the search functions. 

## R2 – Why is it a problem that needs solving?

The inventory system is needed to help employees save time when serving customers in many different ways. Employees will be able to quickly find specific books when customers inquire if it is in stock, and if it is not in stock, they will be able to quickly recommend similar books to the customer, based on other titles by the same author, or similar books in the same style. Employees will also be able to give customers a quick overview of a book from the internal review system. This will not only reduce the work load on the employees, it will also add to the customer experience, without needing the employee to read and memorise all of the titles within the store. Managers tasks will be made easier as they will be able to check inventory levels along with being able to disseminating talking points throughout the staff they would like to emphasise on certain titles to increase sales using the review system. 